Staﬀan Björnson                                                                                         Date: 2025-03-09
Kornvägen 9                                                                                             +46 705 86 94 08
179 63 Stenhamra                                                                                  staﬀan.bjornson@toor.se




                         Staﬀan Björnson CV
                                                One of my life mottos are:
     ” I rather take the time to do things well, than do things fast and have to do it twice. ”


    Test Automation Evangelist and automation workﬂows.
    I am a test automator with extensive experience in building and integrating test automation into agile
    development workﬂows. With a diverse background in boath software and hardware testing, I have a proven
    ability to identify optimal scenarios for whare to automate and when manual testing is more eﬀective.
    During my career, I have successfully developed and implemented robust automation solutions that streamlined
    CI/CD pipelines and enhanced overall product quality. My work has resulted in signiﬁcant time savings in the test
    cycle, improved defect detectionk, and more eﬃcient test cycles.
    i am known for my focus on long term solutions and quality, I consistently delive high-quality documentation, share
    my knowledge acress teams, and implement sustainable solutions.

    Competencies in focus: Test & veriﬁcation, Test leadership, Test Automation, Test data management, Agile
    workﬂow, CI/CD, Linux/*nix, Robot Framework, HSM, POS terminal veriﬁcation




    Assignment in focus
    Test Automation Specialist — Tele2 As a Test Automation Specialist I implemented and drove test automation and
    CI/CD initiatives in cooperation with over 20 teams. I created a test strategy for the diﬀerent development teams
    within Tele2 to facilitate and enhance the testing process for integrating in CI/CD and test automation.




                                                             1
Experience

Prosecutor’s Oﬃce     Test Specialist/Test Automator
Nov 2023 – Nov 2024   Create a test strategy and help with implementation of test automation for the
Stockholm, Sweden     department and a new SCRUM team.

                      Tasks

                      • Test analysis                            • E2E test implementation
                      • Test implementation                      • Test thery education
                      • Test strategy development
                      • Agile strategy development



                      Test Automation
                      I have done an analysis of how the prosecutor’s oﬃce work with test today and
                      presented a proposal for how they can work with test in a more eﬃcient way that
                      adheres to the agile way of working.
                      I have also updated existing E2E tests with a focs on BAU ﬂows so that the tests
                      align with new way the application and the team is working.

                      Test Automation, Test data management, Test and Veriﬁcation, Agile Workﬂow, SCRUM,
                      Windows, React, SVN, Educating in API-testing



PwC                   Test Specialist/Test Automator
Nov 2022 – Nov 2023   Developed and implemented an automated test framework for a customer a speciﬁc
Stockholm, Sweden     application that ran in an Azure DevOps environment.

                      Tasks

                      • Creating automated API tests             • Developed an agile testing strategy
                      • Manage manual test suites                • Drove the agile way of working
                      • Worked closely with developers to
                      develop unit tests



                      Test Automation
                      Creating an automated test framework and rewriting manual tests to automated
                      ones in close collaboration with the developers, BA, and PO. Introduced Robot
                      Frameworks for a total automation suit in combination with Gherkin’s
                      ”Given-When-Then” format.
                      Technical know-how for the development of automated tests, primarily with Robot
                      Frameworks and Python. Convert manual test suites, weed out old or ineﬀective
                      tests, and ﬁnd a possible way of approaching automation.

                      Test Automation, Test data management, Agile Workﬂow, Windows, DevOps Azure, React,
                      Python, Gherkin, Selenium, Robot framework, Git, Docker, API-testing,




                                                 2
Tele2 AB            Test Automation Specialist
2019 – Dec 2022     Working as a test automation specialist in quality reﬁnement and requirement
Stockholm, Sweden   gathering. I implement and drive test automation and CI/CD initiatives in
                    cooperation with the development teams.

                    Tasks

                    • CI/CD implementation                       • Education in agile methodology
                    • Test Strategy development                  • Manual to automation conversion
                    • Agile Work Flow implementation



                    Test Automation Specialist
                    As a member of the CI/CD team, the test specialist’s job is to evaluate the
                    development teams to be able to automate and become CI/CD. Creating speciﬁc
                    test strategies for diﬀerent development teams within Tele2 to facilitate and
                    enhance the testing process.


                    Test Automation
                    An important part of the assignment was to identify the needs of the development
                    teams and ﬁnd a framework that works for the teams when they need to
                    automate. Part of the assignment was to hold courses in what you need to consider
                    when implementing automation and potential pitfalls.


                    Requirements analysis/Test management
                    I identify shortcomings in the quality process, an overall test the strategy was
                    created for Tele2 that was implemented. Part of this work was to hold QA forums
                    for test automation for mainly QA, PO and other stakeholders at Tele2 where we
                    went through new innovations, how to must think, what is ”best practice” etc.

                    Test Automation, Test data management, Agile Workﬂow, CI/CD, Linux/*nix, Windows,
                    DevOps Azure, React, Python, Gherkin, Selenium, Robot framework, RPA, Cypress, Git,
                    Docker, Kubernetes, Kibana, Jira, Conﬂuence, TestRail, API-testing,




                                                3
Kambi Group       Technical Tester
2018 – Oct 2019   Test lead in an autonomous agile team that delivered an odds calculation functions
Uppsala, Sweden   for sports betting.

                  Tasks

                  • Test manager                               • Creating automated tests (UAT and
                  • Requirements in conjunction with           regression)
                  stakeholders
                  • Manual System/exploratory testing



                  Tester
                  As a tester in an agile team, I created a test strategy and ran manual tests with a
                  focus on exploratory testing. I also started a team project to automate our
                  regression tests within the team, based on Python and Robot Framework that was
                  integrated with our deploy pipeline.

                  Test Automation, Test data management, Test & Veriﬁcation, Agile Workﬂow, Linux/*nix,
                  Java, Kotlin, React, Python, Gherkin, Selenium, Robot framework, Cypress, Git, Docker,
                  Kibana, ELK stack, Grafana, Jira, Conﬂuence, API-testing, Maven



Espland AB        Test lead/Jr Developer
2015 – Nov 2018   As a tester and a developer for a TMS (POS-Terminal Management System) I manage
Uppsala, Sweden   testing and compliance with PCI DSS standards.

                  Tasks

                  • Software Testing                           • Java Development
                  • Hardware Testing                           • Support and Sales
                  • Compliance



                  Technical Tester
                  The role involved both working as a tester and junior developer within Java, in my
                  role as test leader I had the main responsibility for ensuring that the tests of
                  self-developed software including integrations to standard software have been
                  carried out, through automated and manual tests in which I participated in the
                  work with tests. When delivering software updates to the customer, I participated
                  in the customer’s work with tests of the product through support and direct eﬀorts
                  in the customer’s test environment.
                  If necessary, I worked as a resource-reinforced CAPSAB team (Card and Payment
                  Solution) with knowledge of veriﬁcation and testing of payment terminals against
                  both Swedish and international requirements.

                  Test Automation, Test data management, Test & Veriﬁcation, Agile Workﬂow, Linux/*nix,
                  Windows, Java, React, Python, Gherkin, Selenium, Robot framework, Cypress, Git, Docker,
                  Kubernetes, Kibana, ELK stack, Grafana, Jira, Conﬂuence, TestRail, Elastic Search,
                  API-testing, Maven




                                              4
Verifone                   Technical Tester/Test Environment Engineer
2011 – 2014                As a software and hardware tester, I did manual tests but also built the test
Uppsala, Sweden            environments for our teams with integration with HMSs and third-party systems.


                           Tasks

                           • Software Testing                           • Test Environment management
                           • Hardware Testing                           • Agile workﬂows
                           • Compliance                                 • Support and Sales
                           • POS-Terminal



                           Technical Tester
                           I did a manual acceptance test in close work with the developers (XP
                           programming). We were the ﬁrst team at Verifone to work in a SCRUM
                           conﬁguration so a lot of work went into ﬁnding a good and correct agile workﬂow.
                           At Verifone, I was responsible for their internal test environment from OS level up
                           to test tools and integrations with HSM. Among other things, He helped build a
                           system to automatically deploy OS and software to test environments.

                           Test data management, Test & Veriﬁcation, Agile Workﬂow, Linux/*nix, Windows, Java,
                           Vaadin, Python, Gherkin, Selenium, Robot framework, Cypress, Git, Docker, Kubernetes,
                           Kibana, ELK stack, Grafana, Jira, Conﬂuence, TestRail, API-testing, Maven




Courses
    Intensive Course for Test Managers
    A course aimed at giving knowledge on how on how a test manager should plan, prepare, execute, and
    conclude a test project. The course is perfect for someone who have have responsibility for a test projcet of a
    test team. — 2024

    DevOps 2023 Learn CI/CD Process for Professionals and Teams
    DevOps and CI/CD is a mindset. Practices of CI/CD for Agile Teams, including tips for remote workers — 2023

    Elegant Automation Frameworks with Python and pyTest
    Building a fast automation framework with minimal complexity that have actionable reporting using pyTest
    and Python. — 2023

    Linux Security and Hardening, The Practical Security Guide.
    Security concepts and guidelines for hardening Linux system security. — 2020

    Robot Framework Test Automation (Level 1-2 & Jenkins CI)
    Automate complex interactions across multiple web applications. Integrate Robot Framework tests into a
    Jenkins CI pipeline. — 2018, 2019




                                                       5
Skills
Technical

     • Robot Frameworks                  • Analytical Skills              • Python
     • pyTest                            • Test Automation                • Jenkins
     • Selenium                          • Test Planning                  • Red Hat Satellite
     • Linux                             • Agile Methodologies            • FreeIPA
     • Linux Security                    • Agile Testing                  • Payment Gateways
     • Windows                           • Scrum                          • Selenium
     • Azure DevOps                      • System Testing



Language
    • Swedish
    • English



Driving license
    • A – Motorcycle
    • B – Car


Social
         LinkedIn                                  GitHub                       Toor.se
         www.linkedin.com/in/staﬀanob/             github.com/StaﬀanOB/         www.toor.se/




                                                       6
